README.md, before:

OglTutorial
===========

Getting Started:

> Download and install Visual Studio 2013 Express Edition for Desktop Applications
  Link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-in/download/details.aspx?id=40787
  
> Download freeglut binary release for MSVC and unzip it to "C:\opengl\freeglut"
  Link : http://www.transmissionzero.co.uk/software/freeglut-devel/ 

  You should now have the following directories:
	C:\opengl\freeglut\bin
	C:\opengl\freeglut\include
	C:\opengl\freeglut\lib
 
> Download GLEW Windows binary release and unzip it to "C:\opengl\glew"
  Link : http://glew.sourceforge.net/
  
  You should now have the following directories:
	C:\opengl\glew\bin
	C:\opengl\glew\include
	C:\opengl\glew\lib

> Download Eigen headers and unzip to "C:\opengl\eigen"
  Link : http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page

  You should now have the following directories:
	C:\opengl\eigen\bench
	C:\opengl\eigen\Eigen
	C:\opengl\eigen\test
	C:\opengl\eigen\unsupported

Now, open 'OpenGL.sln' in VS 2013, build and run the application. You should see a spinning square.

Commit message:

Cameras, meshes and depth
Moved from Eigen to GLM for transformation.
Added Transform and Camera classes.
Added Geometry construction helper methods.
Modified App001 to display single triangle.
Modified App002 to use camera for transformation.
Added new App003 that displays a rotating, wavy mesh and allows user to
control animation.
Added support for enabling and disabling depth buffer.
Moved all apps to single header.

README.md, after:

OglTutorial
===========

Getting Started:

> Download and install Visual Studio 2013 Express Edition for Desktop Applications
  Link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-in/download/details.aspx?id=40787
  
> Download freeglut binary release for MSVC and unzip it to "C:\opengl\freeglut"
  Link : http://www.transmissionzero.co.uk/software/freeglut-devel/ 

  You should now have the following directories:
	C:\opengl\freeglut\bin
	C:\opengl\freeglut\include
	C:\opengl\freeglut\lib
 
> Download GLEW Windows binary release and unzip it to "C:\opengl\glew"
  Link : http://glew.sourceforge.net/
  
  You should now have the following directories:
	C:\opengl\glew\bin
	C:\opengl\glew\include
	C:\opengl\glew\lib

> Download GLM headers and unzip to "C:\opengl\glm"
  Link : http://sourceforge.net/projects/ogl-math/files/

  You should now have the following directories:	
	C:\opengl\glm\glm\gtc
	C:\opengl\glm\glm\gtx
	C:\opengl\glm\glm\detail

Now, open 'OpenGL.sln' in VS 2013, build and run the application. 
You should see the first sample application(a triangle). 
Press escape to launch the next sample, and the next...
